README.md, before:

<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/e4/26/70/e426702edf874b181aced1e2fa5c6cde.gif">
<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Bryan CHEN</h1>
<h3 align="center">A Data Science Passionate from France</h3>

<!---
<h3 align="center">Computer Science is my major </h3>
---->

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=bryanbradfo&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="bryanbradfo" /> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Computer Vision (CV) projects.** 

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **how to deploy ReactJS apps and other types of languages like Rust and so on.**

- 👯 I’m looking forward to collaborate on **Data Science and Computer Science domains.**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at **https://bryanbradfo.github.io**

- 💬 Ask me about **Data Science, Big Data, and High-Performance Computing.**
<!---
 💬 Ask me about **I'm a super curious engineer that wants to know more about Data Science, Big Data, and High-Performance Computing.**
---->

- 📫 How to reach me **bryanchen1105@gmail.com 🌐**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I'm always the guys that people want to be the presenter.**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryan-chen1105/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryan-chen1105/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.kaggle.com/bryanbradfo" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/kaggle.svg" alt="https://www.kaggle.com/bryanbradfo" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/bryan.chen.73" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="https://www.facebook.com/bryan.chen.73" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/bryanbradfo" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="bryanbradfo" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/3802" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/discord.svg" alt="3802" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.r-project.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/r-project/r-project-official.svg" alt="r" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://julialang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/julialang/julialang-ar21.svg" alt="julia" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://reactnative.dev/img/header_logo.svg" alt="reactnative" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.rust-lang.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/rust/rust-plain.svg" alt="rust" width="40" height="40"/> </a>  <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://zapier.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/zapier/zapier-icon.svg" alt="zapier" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scratch.mit.edu/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/mit_scratch/mit_scratch-official.svg" alt="scratch" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a>  <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/angularjs/angularjs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="angularjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
 <a href=https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.3.x/ target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src=https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-ar21.svg alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href=https://flutter.dev/ target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src=https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-ar21.svg alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href=https://dart.dev/ target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src=https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-ar21.svg alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=bryanbradfo&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="bryanbradfo" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bryanbradfo&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="bryanbradfo" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=bryanbradfo&" alt="bryanbradfo" /></p>


<!-- ### Hi there 👋 -->

<!--
**BryanBradfo/BryanBradfo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
<!-- 
🔭 Working on

I'm currently working on academic projects : 
- The finite element method project
- An Eportfolio that I would be super proud of
- A service of shared, distributed, duplicated objects and robust

🌱 Learning on

I'm now learning how to deploy ReactJS apps and other types of languages

💬 Ask me 

I'm a super curious student that want to know more about Data Science, Big Data and High Performance Computing.

👯 Collaboration 

I’m looking to collaborate on Data Science domain.

📫 How to reach me : 

- 📧 bryanchen1105@gmail.com
- 🌐 Eportfolio : bryanbradfo.github.io

😄 Pronouns :

Him

⚡ Fun fact : 

I'm always the guys that people want to be the presentator.
 -->

Commit message:

Changing the projects on which I work and the fun fact about me

README.md, after:

<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/e4/26/70/e426702edf874b181aced1e2fa5c6cde.gif">
<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Bryan CHEN</h1>
<h3 align="center">A Data Science Passionate from France</h3>

<!---
<h3 align="center">Computer Science is my major </h3>
---->

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=bryanbradfo&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="bryanbradfo" /> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Computer Vision (CV) projects.** 

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **how to deploy ReactJS apps and learning Rust, Docker, Kubernetes and so on.**

- 👯 I’m looking forward to collaborate on **Data Science and Computer Science projects.**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at **https://bryanbradfo.github.io**

- 💬 Ask me about **Data Science, Big Data, and High-Performance Computing.**
<!---
 💬 Ask me about **I'm a super curious engineer that wants to know more about Data Science, Big Data, and High-Performance Computing.**
---->

- 📫 How to reach me **bryanchen1105@gmail.com 🌐**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I'm always the one that people want to be the speaker even though I don't feel so comfortable with this.**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryan-chen1105/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryan-chen1105/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.kaggle.com/bryanbradfo" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/kaggle.svg" alt="https://www.kaggle.com/bryanbradfo" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/bryan.chen.73" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="https://www.facebook.com/bryan.chen.73" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/bryanbradfo" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="bryanbradfo" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/3802" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/discord.svg" alt="3802" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.r-project.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/r-project/r-project-official.svg" alt="r" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://julialang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/julialang/julialang-ar21.svg" alt="julia" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://reactnative.dev/img/header_logo.svg" alt="reactnative" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.rust-lang.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/rust/rust-plain.svg" alt="rust" width="40" height="40"/> </a>  <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://zapier.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/zapier/zapier-icon.svg" alt="zapier" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scratch.mit.edu/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/mit_scratch/mit_scratch-official.svg" alt="scratch" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a>  <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/angularjs/angularjs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="angularjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
 <a href=https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.3.x/ target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src=https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-ar21.svg alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href=https://flutter.dev/ target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src=https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-ar21.svg alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href=https://dart.dev/ target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src=https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-ar21.svg alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=bryanbradfo&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="bryanbradfo" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bryanbradfo&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="bryanbradfo" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=bryanbradfo&" alt="bryanbradfo" /></p>


<!-- ### Hi there 👋 -->

<!--
**BryanBradfo/BryanBradfo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
<!-- 
🔭 Working on

I'm currently working on academic projects : 
- The finite element method project
- An Eportfolio that I would be super proud of
- A service of shared, distributed, duplicated objects and robust

🌱 Learning on

I'm now learning how to deploy ReactJS apps and other types of languages

💬 Ask me 

I'm a super curious student that want to know more about Data Science, Big Data and High Performance Computing.

👯 Collaboration 

I’m looking to collaborate on Data Science domain.

📫 How to reach me : 

- 📧 bryanchen1105@gmail.com
- 🌐 Eportfolio : bryanbradfo.github.io

😄 Pronouns :

Him

⚡ Fun fact : 

I'm always the guys that people want to be the presentator.
 -->
